docs: Add manual alarm bad code attempt event (#39426)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/manual.markdown

This event is fired when an attempt to change the state of a manual alarm control panel (e.g., arm or disarm) fails due to an invalid code being provided.

#### Event Data

| Key       | Type   | Description                                   |
| --------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id` | `string` | The entity ID of the alarm control panel (e.g., `alarm_control_panel.my_alarm`). |
| `action`    | `string` | The attempted action or target state (e.g., `disarmed`, `armed_away`, `armed_home`). |
| `user_id`   | `string` | The user ID who initiated the service call (if available). |

Example automation trigger:

```yaml
automation:
  - alias: "Notify on invalid manual alarm code attempt"
    trigger:
      platform: event
      event_type: manual_alarm_bad_code_attempt
    action:
      - service: notify.your_notification_service # Replace with your actual notification service
        data:
          message: >
            Invalid alarm code attempt for {{ trigger.event.data.entity_id }}
            by user ID {{ trigger.event.data.user_id }}
            while attempting action {{ trigger.event.data.action }}.

> 

Author: Done

> 

Author: Resolve

      type: integer
{% endconfiguration %}

> ### Event: `manual_alarm_bad_code_attempt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Event: Manual alarm bad code attempt
```

> This event is fired when an attempt to change the state of a manual alarm control panel (e.g., arm or disarm) fails due to an invalid code being provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `manual_alarm_bad_code_attempt` event is fired when an attempt to change the state of a manual alarm control panel (for example, arm or disarm) fails because an invalid code was entered.
```

> #### Event Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Event data
```

| Key       | Type   | Description                                   |
| --------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id` | `string` | The entity ID of the alarm control panel (e.g., `alarm_control_panel.my_alarm`). |
| `action`    | `string` | The attempted action or target state (e.g., `disarmed`, `armed_away`, `armed_home`). |

> | `user_id`   | `string` | The user ID who initiated the service call (if available). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **entity_id** (string): The entity ID of the alarm control panel (for example, `alarm_control_panel.my_alarm`).
- **action** (string): The attempted action or target state (for example, `disarmed`, `armed_away`, `armed_home`).
- **user_id** (string): The user ID who initiated the service call (if available).
```
I know tables are still quite common throughout the docs, but we [are trying to reduce tables in favor of lists](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/general-style-guide#tables)
